Add original conference paper link to docs (#2160)
projectmesa/mesa: docs/index.md

[Mesa] is an Apache2 licensed agent-based modeling (or ABM) framework in Python.

> For the original conference paper click here: http://conference.scipy.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/proceedings/scipy2015/jacqueline_kazil.html

Reviewer: Currently is doesn't render nicely, what do you think of this?
```suggestion
The original conference paper is [available here](http://conference.scipy.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/proceedings/scipy2015/jacqueline_kazil.html).
```

Author: Okay will do that anything else that catches your mind please share thanks.
